Hi Company!

My name is Agustín Armellini Fischer and I am from Barcelona. I am currently undertaking my last year of my Computer
Science and Computer Engineering degree, and what I really want to tell you in this letter is that no matter the
challenge, I will take it.

I love coding, and I believe nowadays is not about the technology you use (only) but about the ability to adapt quickly
to the times that are changing. I have had to in the few jobs I have taken. A good example is my experience at Ulabox.
I got accepted in June, and by then the CTO gave me a list of 5 books 500 pages each which I had to read before entering
the company, plus links to talks and articles about the technologies they were using I also had to take a look at. I
absolutely loved it. I got to learn about DDD, BDD, TDD and how those can work together to make better sustainable code.

The funny thing is my first challenges didn’t have anything to do with those. The first day I found a bug in one of
their servers, their MySQL plugin from New Relic wasn’t reporting a slave error so they didn’t have any idea that one of
their MySQL servers wasn’t working, so I had to rewrite the plugin from New Relic in order to report those kinds of
errors.

The rest of my time I have been working on a project called Trucks which is basically an app to manage all orders that
the trucks from our company are delivering. I built the API with Symfony2 that exchanged information with the main
application of the company and programmed the whole frontend using AngularJS, everything fully tested with functional
and unit tests. It has been fun.

Currently I am working in the team which is developing the software that will manage all the intelligence of our Ulabox
warehouses. The whole project is built towards Event Sourcing and each day I am getting more responsibilities and
learning so much.

I do learn quickly and work hard to get better every time (I guess everybody says that in these letters right? Sorry
for that). I like learning from others and working in teams which are passionate about the things they do, because
passion (for me) is what makes people create such awesome products even if their contribution only means a small part of
something really really big. For me that’s the coolest thing about programming, look at the Open Source community, where
would we be without them? Today we have the chance to make a difference with just a click away from us, it would be sad
not to click.

In any case, thank you for taking into consideration my application, hope the Gherkin feature was not too weird I really
just wanted to call your attention.

Best regards,

Agus
